Case of a single byte to be received:
    After ADDR bit in SR1 is set, clear ACK bit in CR1 register.
    Read SR1, and SR2.
    Set STOP bit in CR1 register.
    wait untill RXNE bit is set in SR1 register.
    Read the DR register.

Case of two bytes to be received:
    Set POS bit in CR1 register "this tells the mcu that ACK will be applied for the following byte after the current transfer"
    Set ACK bit in CR1 register.
    wait for ADDR bit in SR1 is set.
    Clear ADDR bit by reading SR1, and SR2.
    Clear ACK bit in CR1 register.
    wait for BTF bit is set in SR1.
    Set STOP bit in CR1 register.
    Read DR register 2 times.


Case of more than two bytes to be received:
    When 3 bytes remain to be read:
        wait for RxNE bit in SR1 register is set.
        DON'T read DR register. "currently holding DataN-2 byte
        After the 2nd byte received.
        BTF bit in SR1 register will be Set "means that the current DR regiter hold un read byte, and there is another byte waiting inside the shift register.
        The prepheral will automatically hold the SCL to LOW to prevent further data transmition.
        Clear ACK bit in CR1.
        Read DR register which is holding DataN-2 
        now the prepheral will resume reciving DataN "last byte", and the will send NACK.
        Set STOP bit in CR1 register.
        read DR register which is holding DataN-1
        wait until RxNE bit in SR1 register is SET.
        read DR register which is holding DataN "last Byte" 


1. To generate the nonacknowledge pulse after the last received data byte, the ACK bit
must be cleared just after reading the second last data byte (after second last RxNE
event).

2. To generate the Stop/Restart condition, software must set the STOP/START bit just
after reading the second last data byte (after the second last RxNE event).

3. In case a single byte has to be received, the Acknowledge disable and the Stop
condition generation are made just after EV6 (in EV6_1, just after ADDR is cleared).
After the Stop condition generation, the interface goes automatically back to slave mode
(MSL bit cleared).